# Session Notes — 2026-01-27/28

## People
- Learner: Anonynmous
- Coach: McFuzzySquirrel

## Goals for this session
- Get the basics of platform game design and mechanics right.

## What we discussed
Based on collected feedback and initial testing, there were definately quite a lot of gameplay issues and we came to the conlcusion that we needed to research the basic "rules" that need to be in place for a platform jumper game which need to be followed to make a platformer feel and behave as someone would expect.

So we discussed this at length, and I asked him to go do some research on what should be taken into consideration when designing and building a platform jumper, which he did and which we worked on this evening.

Since we are using AI to help with this, I explained the importance of context for an agent and that giving it rules to follow would help in ensuring that that it always keeps these rules in mind when we are looking to change or add anything. Better yet, it would be cool if we could also create an "enforcer" of these rules. Now there are many ways to go, but I (we) decided on the following plan:

- Take the research and create a copilot.instructions.md
- Create a custom agent system prompt to make sure rules have been followed.

## What we decided
- Create a copilot.instructions file that acts as the "law". See [here](.github/instructions/copilot.instructions.md)
- Create a chat prompt that can be use to enforce the law. See [here](.github/prompts/photo-jumper-gameplay.prompt.md)

## What we built / changed
- Added research and worked on it, made it suitable for copilot.instruction and added the copilot.instructions
- Created a version of the copilot-instructions, but as a copilot chat prompt.

## Key takeaways
- The importance of research and context in an agentic world.

## Open questions
- How well is this going to work? Pretty awesome actually!

## Next steps (concrete)
- [X] Use the chat prompt to review current code based on the "law" and see what changes are suggested.
- [X] Create a new feature once basic gameplay is fixed and see if how the instructions may reduce back-and-forth.
- [ ] Look at maybe creating a "judge", something that looks at a pull request and ensures all the boxes are ticked (this could be interesting).
